docs: update README, example docs (#66)
tailscale/tailscale-rs: examples/README.md

Reviewer: Kind of unidiomatic to have a top-level README here, imo &mdash; can we break it up and promote each example to a directory with its own README?

Author: Done!

# Examples

This directory contains code examples that use `tailscale-rs` from Rust.

> 

Reviewer 2: I would list all the examples (maybe with the one sentence description from each section) here since the file is quite long

Author: Broke up into separate example directories with their own READMEs, and linked to them from here, lmk what you think

...
INFO ts_runtime::multiderp: new home derp region selected region_id=1 latency_ms=12.223305702209473
...
```

Back in the first terminal, you should see "hello" messages appear! If not, verify the tailnet
policy allows the example's tailnet IP address to access your local machine on UDP port 5678. 

## TCP Echo ([`tcp_echo.rs`](tcp_echo.rs))

A TCP server that listens on the tailnet and echoes input back to the sender.

For this example, you can use `telnet` to test the server. First, start the example:

```sh
# Terminal 1
$ TS_RS_EXPERIMENT=this_is_unstable_software cargo run --example tcp_echo -- --auth-key $AUTH_KEY --key-file key_file.json 
...
INFO tcp_echo: listening_addr=<tailnet IP>:1234
...
```

Then, in another terminal, connect to it with `telnet`, type a message, and hit enter:

```sh
# Terminal 2
$ telnet <tailnet IP> 1234
Trying <tailnet IP>...
Connected to <tailnet IP>.
Escape character is '^]'.
hello, tailscale-rs!
hello, tailscale-rs!
```

After hitting enter, you should see your message echoed back to you in `telnet`!

> [!NOTE]
> You may see `telnet` echoing back each character you type, rather than requiring that you hit

> > enter; this is good too! This has to deal with the `telnet` client's configuration and whether

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> enter; this is good too! This has to do with the `telnet` client's configuration and whether
```

Author: Removed in favor of `netcat`

> > it uses "character at a time" or "old line by line" mode. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> it uses 'character at a time' or old 'line by line' mode. 
```
Not sure if 'old' should be in the quote marks or not?

Author: Believe it or not, "old line by line" is the actual name used in the `tailnet` manpage - going to take @npry's suggestion to use `netcat` instead though, so this will all go away.

...
```

Back in the first terminal, you should see "hello" messages appear! If not, verify the tailnet
policy allows the example's tailnet IP address to access your local machine on UDP port 5678. 

## TCP Echo ([`tcp_echo.rs`](tcp_echo.rs))

A TCP server that listens on the tailnet and echoes input back to the sender.

For this example, you can use `telnet` to test the server. First, start the example:

```sh
# Terminal 1
$ TS_RS_EXPERIMENT=this_is_unstable_software cargo run --example tcp_echo -- --auth-key $AUTH_KEY --key-file key_file.json 
...
INFO tcp_echo: listening_addr=<tailnet IP>:1234
...
```

Then, in another terminal, connect to it with `telnet`, type a message, and hit enter:

```sh
# Terminal 2
$ telnet <tailnet IP> 1234
Trying <tailnet IP>...
Connected to <tailnet IP>.
Escape character is '^]'.
hello, tailscale-rs!
hello, tailscale-rs!
```

After hitting enter, you should see your message echoed back to you in `telnet`!

> [!NOTE]
> You may see `telnet` echoing back each character you type, rather than requiring that you hit
> enter; this is good too! This has to deal with the `telnet` client's configuration and whether

> > it uses "character at a time" or "old line by line" mode. 

Author: @npry : this was a weird one. On Ubuntu 24.04 I expected "character at a time" but got "old line by line" by default; I've never used `telnet` on this install afaik. Added the wording here and to the example itself, but open to using `netcat` instead or just explicitly configuring `telnet` to use "character at a time" mode, wdyt?

Reviewer: Weird, yeah, either way &mdash; I think it's better if it's just configured to do the right thing (`nc` or whatever telnet flag is needed)

Author: Going with netcat, but unfortunately it still requires enter/a full message. `telnet` doesn't have a flag that I can find to enable character mode - you either have to modify the `$HOME/.telnetd` file or use the `mode character` command after connecting.

Open to moving back to `telnet` if character mode is worth it.
